microsoft 1.7 and how to install the
kinky then I left you inscription
a minecraft file an ar file where you
you have to download it and inside
you will find this stuff
then microsoft attack you will find
the kinky abdel salam
for those who did not think installed
mycup launcher 1.7 is never understood 1.5.2 ok
then you will stay the folder then
moved stuff to the desktop or wherever you want
ok
here then and you will be with
these files here then but who has me
seen so the two microsoft the kinky e
he used then started first of all
this make up launcher then when
you have started you will find yourself with this
cuomo page you have to go to edit
profile puts your name and finish
here and there it just has to do
save profile for i will be kinky
close and go up for a hundred
ap date for 100% roaming folder e
find the minecraft stitch chart sp
if you don't find this folder then
you have to go to the start computer
your braille system for 86 and search
here the minecraft folder or do
first go about your make up lancer
here is asking you now where
will immediately ask where you want to save the
file
here is ok ok
you will find yourself like this and see where you are
save the file see 86 java jre and here
inside
oh well then fuck then but then me
open the minecraft point sb and
you'll find this stuff here if you don't
you will find this stuff here
this stuff here if you don't find these
two where you want you then
you can find them I don't think you have
this problem then epso version up
version you don't have a good fucking net
and empty because you have to start first
the minecraft version so I don't
I do it active immediately my minecraft
lancer that point you lose the asset
activate a version and you have to
find the version of
your minecraft along with the version
made others on the file of della chin
chin chin cubelite this one
take the kinky folder and the asp and ha
dragged into this folder and the
your kink installed there is still a
spiral detail so let's give it all
I go on my minecraft then you
now to activate your housework
in those who have their own uses and verses
hans go down after a note either
step 2 there will be the kinky rais click
to say immediately that the kinky will not be the
1.6.2 but from 1.6.4 then
however it will not be 1.6.2 then the 1.7.2 on
this launcher I do n't know is not part of it
so maybe even you why
are therefore still changing between
a few days the definition is enough
play off line and kinky I would be
usable then I now this away not
I'll show you how the kinky will suggest
because it would be a bit fulfilled time
so I won't do it
then then nothing any other thing
1.5.2 I think that everyone has never known
use just put or sony cny e
do intervene then i say one thing
kinky in this in 1.6.4 is more
powerful of the soft 1.5.2 many thrusts
in the comments and wrote yes what the fuck
you say you're a jerk is n't it
I also trust that is so early
I didn't believe it because it says but that
fuck is this stuff
there is the soft one of the most powerful
so the strongest in my opinion and instead
no
then I also wanted to talk about tomorrow
tomorrow maybe not upload it video
because with return to school and therefore not
I know if I can do it maybe yes maybe not
then then precisely that I return to school then
a sergio basket that won't make it to
who that moment then maybe in the evening
as now towards 9 o'clock it will charge maybe
a video then the if of minecraft that
I had started and video I know that there
I will also load these tonight then
two videos for tomorrow in a video then
day if sometimes Sunday in the circle
to load two three a day then
I hope you enjoyed writing god
commented
see you soon. Bye